task(js-post-oop): Add requirements (#332)
kottans/frontend: tasks/js-post-oop.md

Now you know a lot about JavaScript OOP. Remember that
tiny JS world? Time to use your new power.

## Assignment

1. Improve your tiny JS world model you forked from
   [here](https://github.com/OleksiyRudenko/a-tiny-JS-world).
   This time use your favourite JS OOP methods to keep
   your code DRY and SOLID.

   You don't need forking this time, work with the repo you've
   already got. Git keeps history for you.
   

>    You will find [these materials](https://github.com/OleksiyRudenko/a-tiny-JS-world/blob/master/README.md#learn-on-your-own) helpful.

Author: ```suggestion
   You will find materials under section **Learn on your own** [here](https://github.com/OleksiyRudenko/a-tiny-JS-world/blob/master/README.md#learn-on-your-own) helpful.
```

### Most common issues to address

- [ ] If peer classes (siblings) have same properties those must be generalized to their base (parent) class
- [ ] Classes for species that do not have hands by natural design, do not consequently have hands or any equivalent property
      and do not inherit such properties from any of the base/parent classes
- [ ] Class properties that are parts of an object's presentation string are listed/specified explicitly
      (i.e. `Object` methods `values`, `keys`, `entires` or constructions like `for (key in obj)` aren't used)
- [ ] Object's presentation string builder is a class method, not an independent function
- [ ] Class constructor is defined with named parameters
- [ ] A class doesn't assign or change property owned by any other class (defined in any other class)
- [ ] A child class shouldn't directly use an inherited property to build an object's presentation string

> - [ ] The code is OOP, SOLID and DRY compliant

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] The code is [OOP](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/object-oriented-programming-concepts-21bb035f7260/), SOLID ([eng](https://medium.com/@cramirez92/s-o-l-i-d-the-first-5-priciples-of-object-oriented-design-with-javascript-790f6ac9b9fa), [rus](https://medium.com/webbdev/solid-4ffc018077da)) and [DRY](https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/3-key-software-principles-you-must-understand--net-25161) compliant
```
